Marie is so amazed with his idea that she suggested that he publish it.
The man was so annoyed that he slept hungry and the next morning he chewed so much of a plant that he took on Shaman powers.
The man was so annoyed that he slept hungry and the next morning he chewed so much of a plant that he took on Shaman powers.
He was so concerned that there were provisions in the bill that were open to abuse that he voted against it.
Susan feels so guilty that Mike fell asleep at the reception due to all the night jobs he has done for her plans, that she asks the reverend if he has time later that night.
For example, Zhu Youliang the Prince of Heng, an older cousin of the emperor's, was so honored at court at that time that even Li Yu's superior, the chief of staff Li Zhen, kneeled to him.
He was so impressed that he started a craze for the test that has never diminished.
He was so indebted that he sold his Irish estates and used that money to invest in South Sea Company stock.
When he nevertheless published a second edition in 1794, the censor was so irate that he arranged for a royal order that required Kant never to publish or even speak publicly about religion.
Karen tells her that she felt so jealous that Ivy had the role that she wanted to cry.
The Australian government was so resentful of this case that it insisted that none of its troops would be tried by the British military during World War I.
The evidence is so strong that the Spanish Crown reclaimed the property after the British exited Florida in 1783 that it cannot be refuted.
The evidence is so strong that it cannot be refuted that the Spanish Crown reclaimed the property after the British exited Florida in 1783.
Li shiji was so thankful that he wept and bit his finger so hard that he bled.
Li shiji was so thankful that he wept and bit his finger so hard that he bled.
By the 4th century BC the Veneti had been so Celticized that Polybius wrote that the Veneti of the 2nd century BC were identical to the Gauls except for language.
Trump was so active in Jewish and Israeli causes that some believed that he belonged to the Jewish faith.
Capablanca also wrote that Lasker was so adaptable that he played in no definite style, and that he was both a tenacious defender and a very efficient finisher of his own attacks.
Kujau also began forging a series of war poems by Hitler, which were so amateurish that Kujau later admitted that a fourteen-year-old collector would have recognized it as a forgery.
Some programs were so ambiguous that Elmore wrote that " most program developers were simply not clear what their programs would actually look like in a fully operational form ".
This model became so appealing that pure software vendors such as Stonesoft or CheckPoint Software began shipping pre-built operating systems with their security applications after a long history of selling software that had to be installed on existing customer hardware and customer operating systems.
The outlook for Swiss Roman Catholics during the "Kulturkampf" was so bleak that the ancient Abbeys of Einsiedeln and Engelberg began a program of establishing new monasteries in the United States, so that the remaining Swiss monasteries would have a refuge if they were all exiled.
Summer is so adamant that she will not have a fling with her boss, but the chemistry between them is so strong that she gives in.
Summer is so adamant that she will not have a fling with her boss that she does not even talk to him.
Summer is so happy that her boss likes her that she tells her friend.
Summer is so happy that she tells her friend that her boss likes her.
When I first read the first chapter, I was so astounded that I stood up, and read that chapter standing up!
When I read that first chapter, I was so impressed that the author had captured the idea that I stood up, and read that chapter standing up!
I am so awed that their love story worked out, and it got me so emotionally invested that I had to finish, had to know if they got to their happily ever after.
I was always so irritated that all the characters in GW were boring humans that I stopped playing it.
Instead I was so offended that Riley thought so little of clues fans that I nearly wrote a letter to the station.
