One man was so afraid that he camped in the middle of his flock, hoping to evade patrolling cowboys.
He was so afraid that rival loyalist inmates wished to kill him inside the prison.
He was so amazed that he forgot to thank me.
Marie is so amazed that he came up with that so quickly.
Her uncle was so angry that he sent her to live in a Lutheran orphanage, where she spent the rest of her childhood.
Luka is so angry that she cheated on him and put their son's life in danger.
The man was so annoyed that he slept hungry and the next morning he chewed so much of a plant that he took on Shaman powers.
Hergé became so annoyed that Casterman then sent the book to the printers without his final approval.
Northern Liang's duke Juqu Mengxun became so apprehensive that he offered to yield his territory and relocate his entire army into Later Qin proper.
Seven is so apprehensive that the Ledosians scanned her deflector modifications and may eventually construct their own device to disable the barrier.
It's his lucky quarter and Pop feels so bad that Lucky lost it.
Sundarapandian feels so bad that all his friends betrayed him.
The family quarrel became so bitter that the Duke went abroad for a time with his new wife.
In the end, Fisk was so bitter that none of his friends and old political allies intervened to help his original case.
I was so certain of the Cuisinart brand name that I threw out the boxes and other packaging and the damned thing didn't work.
When he was 12, he was so certain that he desired to be a music producer.
This has led to mixed criticism as some wanted Christina, whose preference for eventing was so clear that she often felt like an outsider, to stick with eventing.
He maintained he didn't recall setting bodies on fire, but admitted the evidence was so clear that he had.
After informing his father of his intent to switch, his father was so concerned that he traveled to visit him and speak with his professors at the school.
He was so concerned that there were provisions in the bill that were open to abuse.
Shea's defense team was so confident of acquittal that they waived final arguments before the jury.
After 15 exciting rounds, Jersey Joe was so confident that he won the title.
This cycle was so consistent that the Egyptians timed its onset using the heliacal rising of Sirius, the key event used to set their calendar.
Accounts are so consistent that the Huna warriors practiced mass rapes of women in India.
He was so convinced that he never drank again and became an advocate for Temperance.
He was so convinced that civil government had no basis for meddling in matters of religious belief.
Finally, he was so delighted that he asked me to come to his cafe and entertain the customers.
Roddy is so delighted that he had the chance to see his friend one last time.
He was so depressed that he contemplated leaving the film industry.
Anu is so depressed that Balu sacrificed himself to save her, searches for him and loses hope.
On the second occasion, Li informed him of Emperor Wu's passing, and Su was so despondent that in mourning that he vomited blood.
After Villa's raid on Ciudad Juárez in June 1919 (in which Ángeles did not participate), Ángeles became so despondent that there was no solution to the long and bloody civil war.
She was so determined that she continued her training even after breaking both her wrists in a childhood accident.
He was so determined that good acting came from internal motivations rather than outward shows.
Stephens was so disappointed by his own artistic talent that he took up art criticism and stopped painting.
We are so disappointed that he chose to point fingers and manufacture claims, rather than doing what was necessary to continue to be a part of Slipknot.
Adams was so disgusted that he ripped up the Memphis agreement a year early in favor of playing at Vanderbilt in 1998.
Annie takes Britta's phone and learns that Troy sent Britta something nice; she is so disgusted that Britta only liked Blade because she thought he was mean.
Bernhardt was so displeased with her performance that she refused to allow its release and tried to buy up and destroy all the negatives.
His mother had wanted a girl and was so displeased that she had another son instead.
Legislators and voters were so dissatisfied that the larger districts in the court's plan valued numerical equality over more local representation.
We're so ecstatic that we got him in the Rodriguez trade.
King Pedro IV was so elated that he proclaimed St. Francis his savior and renamed his base São Francisco de Kibangu.
The people were so elated that their livelihoods remained intact, even though much of their town was destroyed.
Green says he was so embarrassed that he agreed to perform only from behind a curtain.
I was so embarrassed that my mother spoke her language in public.
The emperor's victory was so emphatic that the Pechenegs soon disappeared as an independent people.
Siricius was so emphatic that clerical continence belonged to immemorial, even apostolic, tradition.
She was so enraged that she decided to take vengeance upon him.
The Great Big Rat sees the commotion and becomes so enraged that his plan failed.
He was so excited that his hands shook as he took photos.
Ellie is so excited that she did well.
He became so fearful that he became ill, and he sent a petition to Emperor Muzong declining the Henghai commission.
Banks and credit card companies were so fearful that Atalla would dominate the market, which spurred the development of an international encryption standard.
The structure was so firm that the workers had to severe the posts from the surface.
His parents were so firm that their mission required them to communicate their faith in all circumstances and decided to stay on.
I am so fortunate to have had it recommended to me so highly that I bought the eight pack.
I think I'm so fortunate that I got out of that.
In one XFM show, he became so frustrated that he left the room before Karl finished the segment.
This book was just so funny in sections that I laughed out loud.
This was so funny that I had to buy another copy and read it to my better half.
Cao Pi was so furious that he drew his sword and wanted to execute his servants.
Caldwell is so furious that Austin disregarded their agreement.
I was so grateful that I kept a picture of him in my room.
I'm so grateful that they contacted me, they are a pleasure to work with.
But Varro was apparently so guilty that Hortensius resorted to dirty tricks which involved marking the ballots of the judges he had bribed, which caused a public scandal.
Susan feels so guilty that Mike fell asleep at the reception due to all the night jobs he has done for her plans, so she asks the reverend if he has time later that night.
Diane couldn't believe that her sister and her ex-husband had had an affair behind her back, but was so happy with Jack that she forgave them both.
She is so happy that she finally saw Tomte.
For example, Zhu Youliang () the Prince of Heng, an older cousin of the emperor's, was so honored at court at that time that even Li Yu's superior, the chief of staff Li Zhen, kneeled to him.
My mother was so horrified that she fell ill.
Emma says that she was so horrified that Rick pointed the gun right at her head.
He was so impressed that he started a craze for the test that has never diminished.
Charles is so impressed that Tyler stood up for his sister, and they connect.
He was so indebted that he sold his Irish estates and used that money to invest in South Sea Company stock.
I am so indebted that even in sorrow u heard me.
Klement was so indignant that he decided together with Václav Laurin, to start repairing bicycles themselves.
Rommel was so indignant that the British expected to find his headquarters 250 miles behind his front.
His pleas were so insistent that they virtually amounted to insubordination.
When he nevertheless published a second edition in 1794, the censor was so irate that he arranged for a royal order that required Kant never to publish or even speak publicly about religion.
Black columnists were so irate that some black men willingly took these kinds of jobs.
Lian Po was so jealous that he swore enmity between the two of them.
Karen tells her that she felt so jealous that Ivy had the role and that she did great.
The Timucua chiefs were so outraged that they organized a revolt against the Spanish in 1656.
Elaine is so outraged that he stole her idea.
Duvall eventually became so overwhelmed by the stress of her role that she became physically ill for months.
When the news reached Chang'an, Emperor Dezong was so panicked that he considered fleeing Chang'an, but remained due to Li Sheng's advice.
After a series of fires in 1741, the city became so panicked that blacks planned to burn the city in conspiracy with some poor whites.
The monk was so pleased that he thereafter followed Pramati wherever he went.
I really enjoyed doing it and I'm so pleased that I took the opportunity when it came my way.
The response was so positive that she scheduled a game between the freshman and sophomore classes.
An hour later, however, they're still alive which confuses Elijah and Rebekah, as they were so positive that Klaus originated their bloodline and were sure it wasn't Kol Mikaelson (Nathaniel Buzolic).
In November 1907, rumors were so prevalent that Baird and Fitzpatrick intended to resign unless Michigan withdrew from the conference.
Mandhata had dominated the whole planet and he became so proud that he wanted to rule heaven also.
My dad was so proud that his son made "aliyah".
The Australian government was so resentful of this case that it insisted that none of its troops would be tried by the British military during World War I.
Some of his children were so resentful that he gave them no special privileges and treated their mothers poorly.
Her mother Demeter, the goddess of the harvest, was so sad that she struck the world with fall and winter.
Although he had mixed feelings with his dad, he still felt so sad that he died.
It has also been noted that he was so satisfied that he did this without fee or reward and was publicly thanked.
The main character designer noted he was so satisfied that fans enjoyed this look.
Hu was so scared that he fell and fainted.
Kkusum's phone rings and Abhay and Esha are so scared that someone heard them.
Sima Yi was so shocked that he immediately apologised to his wife and reconciled with her.
In the police court, Mrs. Jones says she was so shocked that her husband had the box.
Its tone he employed was so strong that the king disavowed him and so Niebuhr retired from politics.
Evidence is so strong that the Spanish Crown reclaimed the property after the British exited Florida in 1783, and that it was sold by auction in 1791.
Charlie is so stunned that Mary won.
The Russians by now were so sure of victory that they brought up trains from Warsaw to transport the expected prisoners.
I am so sure that the lack of men on stage made some men feel excluded.
The judges were so surprised that one of them had a "spasm," one leaned against the wall for support, and the other fell backwards into a barrel of flour!
The fans were so surprised that El General (Franco) sang a salsa song.
Li shiji was so thankful that he wept and bit his finger so hard that he bled.
I am so thankful that Allah (God) chose me for this sacrifice.
Mary Martin was so thrilled that when she sang it on stage, she performed cartwheels on the stage at every turn of "I'm in love.".
But I was so thrilled that my mother typed them.
She was so unhappy in this environment that she left school at fifteen despite the pleasure she gained from studying.
Though the negative attention fades away, Marge is so unhappy that Max changed his name without consulting her.
When he merely sailed down a rope wearing a pair of wings and attached to a pulley, the spectators were so unimpressed that he had to escape into the maze to get away from them.
They were so unimpressed that a fundamental functional change to the default behaviour of Net-Lib occurred without more than a passing mention in an unrelated document.
One woman was so unnerved by their presence that she left shortly after arrival.
He found that many of the punters enjoyed his performances, although was so unnerved that some of them made sexual advances toward him.
Mendelssohn was so upset that he immediately went to get a haircut to differentiate himself.
He was so upset that Emma exhibited greater control of his powers than he had.
This rumor was so widespread that it lived long until the 1950s.
In Burma, the belief was once so widespread that the Sumatran rhino ate fire.
He was so worried that he spent an evening memorising two dozen riders he did not know.
Matthews was so worried that his career had only four years left and wanted to end it near his business.
By the 4th century BC the Veneti had been so Celticized that Polybius wrote that the Veneti of the 2nd century BC were identical to the Gauls except for language.
By the 1st century BC the Celts had become so Hellenized that some Greek writers called them "Hellenogalatai" (Ἑλληνογαλάται).
By 2007, the district had become so Republican that a lone Democratic House candidate received less than 12 percent of the vote.
The growth was so abrupt that a village sprang.
At one point, its dominance was so absolute that the station titled its 10:00 p.m. newscast, "THE Ten O'Clock News.".
These trout were once so abundant that there was a commercial fishery for them in the late 19th century.
Many threats were so abusive that police had to conduct an investigation of them.
The conditions at New Smyrna were so abysmal that the settlers rebelled "en masse" in 1777; they walked the to St. Augustine, where Governor Tonyn gave them refuge.
His ministrations were so acceptable that the congregation soon extended a call to him, which he accepted, and was inducted into the charge on 16 December.
By 1844, he was so accomplished that his father gathered together as much money as he could (apparently even selling the family piano) and sent him to study in Rome at the Accademia di San Luca.
The stench was so acrid that some Swiss Guards fainted, and had to be rotated every 15 minutes.
The government's relationship with Bowen became so acrimonious that in 1938, Bowen threatened to use his reserve power to dismiss Aberhart.
Trump was so active in Jewish and Israeli causes that some believed that he belonged to the Jewish faith.
Capablanca also wrote that Lasker was so adaptable that he played in no definite style, and that he was both a tenacious defender and a very efficient finisher of his own attacks.
However she became so addicted that it killed her within 10 years.
A VR shooting game, it became so addictive that the government assigned a young secret agent to investigate the arcade phenomenon in order to question its true purpose and to perform the impossible: to beat the game by taking control of the NA-00 space fighter craft, as those who played and lost against it were abducted as a result.
His death, one history noted "deprived the Order of a leader whose career had been so admirable that it gave the promise of remarkable fruition.".
In a letter to his girlfriend Song Qingru who later became his wife, Zhu Shenghao wrote that working on "The Tempest" was so adsorbing that he failed to notice being bitten by bedbugs.
Ventura, for example, was so adulated that he became a massively popular and influential politician on his return from a time in the United States, and was seen as a national symbol.
The location soon turned out to be so advantageous that the government decided to develop the village into a major industrial center.
The program attracted 17.8 million viewers, beating out its main competition, CBS's "Everybody Loves Raymond", but critical reaction was so adverse that ABC decided to abandon the project.
His Moorish maid was so affected with this that she learnt about the faith and converted to Roman Catholicism.
The chairman Cui Yi and the Yiteng Group were so aggrieved that they decided to pull out of the competition the following season and sold their squad to Dalian Shide F.C. for 8 million Yuan.
Among them, in 1740, the governor Zhang Wei rebuilt according to the original structure and found that the house covered with Jingyun bell was so airtight that the bell sounded "not to be out" and the sound outside was small.
What really happened was we were so alien that no one wanted to touch us.
Overseas Vietnamese soldiers could become so alienated with their experiences that they became soft targets for communist propaganda.
Her voice and conversation style were reportedly so alluring that wealthy and powerful men (including actors, musicians, and movie moguls) fell in love without ever meeting her, and rearranged their whole evenings around speaking to the mysterious stranger.
However, when he learned that most Frenchmen were somewhat cool to this display of informality, Giscard became so aloof and distant that his opponents frequently attacked him as being too far removed from ordinary citizens.
Kujau also began forging a series of war poems by Hitler, which were so amateurish that Kujau later admitted that "a fourteen-year-old collector would have recognized it as a forgery".
This was so amazing that Solomon decided to put it on display for everyone in Reading.
Some programs were so ambiguous that Elmore wrote that "most program developers were simply not clear what their programs would actually look like in a fully operational form".
This playing for wind was so apparent that the Michigan players finally burlesqued it.
In the beginning of 2013, the turf was so amortized that club decided to move back to the first home ground Tamme staadioni kunstmuruväljak.
It is also said (in the same short story) that her friend Thalia, who is also originally from Greece and even older than Dahlia, is so ancient that she came across Odysseus "a time or two".
Some of the situations are fairly disturbing, and the two main characters are so anguished in their own way that I found it a complete downer.
The latter was so annoying to the occupying German authorities that it became illegal to stand on a bus if seats were available.
Connor was so antagonistic towards the Civil Rights Movement that his actions galvanized support for black Americans.
The law library in Montreal was so antiquated that Crown Attorneys sometimes had to ask defense lawyers for information on the current jurisprudence.
The performance by Fosse players was so appalling that The Football League ordered an enquiry, although no further action was taken after it turned out several of the already relegated Leicester side were hungover from a player's wedding the night before.
This model became so appealing that pure software vendors such as Stonesoft or CheckPoint Software began shipping pre-built operating systems with their security applications after a long history of selling software that had to be installed on existing customer hardware and customer operating systems.
His masterclasses were so appreciated that he had hundreds of students from all the continents.
Moreover, the wording was so apt that Susan Boyle adopted a similar title for her autobiography, "The Woman I Was Born to Be".
Justice Kennedy indicated that, on his view, a regulation of private property could perhaps be so arbitrary or irrational that it violated Constitutional guarantees of due process.
He is also said to have taught Asclepiodotus, until Asclepiodotus became so argumentative that Domninus no longer admitted him into his company.
Under the Servian Organization, the assembly was so aristocratic that the officer class and the first class of enlisted soldiers controlled enough centuries for an outright majority.
The sales were so disappointing that Citroën attempted to buy back and scrap each Birotor, as it did not want to support the model with spare parts.
Feng became so arrogant that he showed open contempt for Li Bian's insistence on peace, praising Li Jing instead for Li Jing's willingness to use force.
a critic on one occasion spoke of his performance being so artistic that he seemed like a professional in a company of amateurs.
Physicists at one time were so assured of the deceleration of the universe's expansion that they introduced a so-called deceleration parameter.
Eusébio was so astonished at Stepney's save that he stopped to applaud the keeper as Stepney threw the ball back into play.
Gomez-Jurado believed that "the story behind this mysterious emblem was so astounding that it deserved to be a central point in my next novel".
On one occasion the weather was so atrocious that the teams decided to go in watch some of the indoor sports.
Some of the residents like Cookie Lewis are so attached to the nun that she adopted her surname.
Linton's letters are so attractive that most likely Heathcliff wrote them to draw Cathy to the Heights.
The members of Allison Gros were recruited to record the song "Daddy Cool" but their Chipmunk version was so atypical that they recorded under the fictitious name Drummond.
The regime was so austere that seven companions died of cold and hunger.
Ankur Pathak of "Huffington Post India" stated that the film "was so awful that it felt like a satire of itself".
His mannerisms on camera were so awkward that some viewers believed the host suffered from Bell's palsy.
The FPC's regulation of producers was so backlogged that when President-elect John F. Kennedy appointed James M. Landis, Dean of the Harvard Law School, to provide a transition team report in 1960, Landis declared it to be "the outstanding example in the federal government of the breakdown of the administrative process.".
The breeches (see Petticoat breeches) became so baggy that Samuel Pepys wrote in his diary: "And among other things, met with Mr. Townsend, who told of his mistake the other day to put both his legs through one of his Knees of his breeches, and so went all day."
The initial versions were so basic that the interior dashboard even lacked a fan blower opening as a standard.
The palace was so beautiful that the king of Mengwi heard of Tan Cin Jin.
The deceptive plan was so believable that a mob of angry American patriots raided Honeyman's house in Griggstown.
For this reason a remonstrance was prepared, penned by William Aspinwall, but the initial version was so belligerent that further edits had to be made to tone down the rhetoric.
Bishop Apollinaris was so beloved that the news of his first illness filled the city with consternation.
The strategy was so beneficial that people began to make many garments out of "mitgebrachten stoffen"-"salvaged material".
Astaire was so bereaved that he wanted to shut down the picture and offered to pay the production costs out of his pocket.
This became so evident that the Ottoman authorities prohibited the postcard distribution at a certain point.
His exploits were so bizarre that the geographer Sir Henry Yule disbelieved them.
Clues actually missed Risman but the attempt was so blatant that the referee had to send Clues off.
The outlook for Swiss Roman Catholics during the "Kulturkampf" was so bleak that the ancient Abbeys of Einsiedeln and Engelberg began a program of establishing new monasteries in the United States, so that the remaining Swiss monasteries would have a refuge if they were all exiled.
If the area around the school became so blighted that parents feared to send their children, the school would cease to be effective.
Nigel is so blind that he actually thought he was saving a beautiful damsel in distress at the time.
Secondly, with the exception of the commander-in-chief and a handful of others, everyone was greedy to profit from the war itself and their conversation was so bloodthirsty that I shuddered at the prospect of victory.
The scene was so bloody that it made Cranston's daughter faint during a screening.
He was so blunt that he reported a serious crime to the emperor despite of his own life.
Foxe was so bookish that he ruined his health by his persistent study.
In another review, he noted, "The light show was as hypnotic as Laser Floyd, the costumes glittered like mirror balls, and the bass at Ovation Hall was so booming that I often felt like I was standing in a stiff wind."
Trude was so bored that she spent her time drawing caricatures of her teacher.
In fact, after I'd sold three novels, I felt so brave that I gave up my advertising job.
However, they were so brazen that Massachusetts briefly became the arson capital of the entire United States, attracting the attention of Federal BATF investigators, who unravelled the plot. U.S. Attorney William F. Weld began handing down indictments in July 1984.
His stay was so brief that no credit known for his work there survived.
They were so brilliant that the press assumed they were new.
The ranking Democrat on the Armed Services Committee, Sen. Carl Levin of Michigan, thought the program was so ridiculous that he thought initial reports of it were the result of a hoax.
Summer is so adamant that she will not have a fling with her boss, but the chemistry between them is so strong that she gives in.
But, a friend was so adamant that I tried it.
The actor was so apologetic that it made me cringe.
Christine immediately responded and was so apologetic that something broke.
Though in one books instance I was so appalled that I stopped reading it and never read the author again.
Which is why I'm so appalled that she had the audacity to release such an album.
I'm so ashamed that I bought it.
I am so ashamed of myself that I ignored other reviewers and paid money for this book.
I am so astounded that anyone liked this film.
When I first read the first chapter, I was so astounded that I stood up, and read that chapter standing up!
Faulks was so aware and so stunned by the horrific loss in WW1 that he wanted to write about it.
I was so aware that this bottle required a separate purchase to be able to mount it to your bike.
After watching the 4th season on tv, I was so awed that I bought the Deluxe Edition with the faith it would be as good if not better than the 4th season.
I am so awed that what I felt about the love story outweighed the negative aspects and made me so emotionally invested that I had to finish, had to know if they got to their happily ever after.
My daughter was so bugged that after all the beads were strung there was still about a third of the string left.
I was so bugged throughout this lame movie that I felt quite angry I lost 2 hours of my life.
I was so bummed that Scarlet was abducted so early on.
I was so bummed that I cried.
I was so confident that I made changes on my own.
I am so confident that I purchased the perfect dryer!
I was so confused that I almost sent it back.
Okay, I am so confused that the HD collecion made it onto Xbox 360.
I was so disapointed in this CD that I gave it to my roommate, but I do play it once every few months.
I was so discouraged that there was no OtterBox and then I got this.
I was so discouraged that I gave up.
I was so dissapointed that it shut down.
I was so dissapointed that i wrote this review.
I was so distressed that I tried to catch up with them, forgetting the purpose of learning.
I was so disturbed that it took me this long.
I'm so doubtful that the author even used an editor.
I was so doubtful these would compare well to my Rockport Perths that I also ordered more of them, but I now actually prefer them.
I bought one for my nephew's birthday and his brother was so envious that I bought him one a few months later.
I am so envious that Jill Kargman put all of my best rock and roll thoughts on paper.
In the middle of the book, I was so fascinated that I also purchased the mini-series from Amazon for a song.
My teacher was so frightened that I used these to cut metal, but I showed her how easy it was!
However, April was so frightened that she fainted.
Billy tells us about the unusual neighbors that live on his street such as Mr. Grumpy who is so grumpy that butchers banned him from entering their shops because he always gives them grief when he goes to get some beef.
I was so heartbroken that I sent my husband to retrieve it.
He was so honoured that upon upon his death he lay in state where thousands filed past to pay their last respects.
We were so hopeful that we ordered the tables for when we traveled etc. of this same stuff.
Seeing this in a jar, I was so hopeful that it had it's own well sealed jar protecting the powder from hardenin
I gave this book as a Christmas gift and then the recipent was so intrigued that they ignored me for the next couple of hours.
Trust me-I was so irritated that I went and looked it up.
I was always so irritated that all the characters in GW were boring "humans" as I play fantasy games to see strange and beautiful things that don't exist in reality.
I was so mad that I had to stop reading to go to sleep though.
I was so mad that I threw them in the trash.
I wanted to feel empathy for Elizabeth but she was so miserable that I felt nothing.
I went to see it, and was so moved that I went back and saw it next week.
Having also grown up with a similar mother, I was so moved that someone else felt exactly as I did towards a parent, especially in her latter days.
She was so nervous that she crapped in it.
Years back a friend told me he saw the film in a theatre with his then-girlfriend, and they were so offended that they walked out 15 minutes before it was over.
Instead I was so offended that Riley thought so little of clues fans that he barely attempted to keep their beloved characters the same.
I am so optimistic that I made the best choice.
Like Napoleon, Hitler was so optimistic that he falsely believed he'd make it to Moscow before Winter.
I was so overjoyed that Rachel found her mate.
I searched on Amazon and was able to locate the identical Remote and was so overjoyed that I purchased two just in case.
I was so peeved that I put them away and basically forgot about them.
Yet, I was so peeved that one of Anna and St. Clair's other friends was hurt in the process of the two becoming a couple.
A smoker would already be so pissed that she took his smoke and chucked it.
Xan was so pissed that he went into the cage to fight off some steam.
I am so relieved that I finally finished this book.
I am so relieved that I wanted to share this with others who only want their cat to be back to normal and purring in their lap.
I was so right that everything was saturated.
There are a couple of false notes along the way, such as a dreadful rendition in front of a room of people of "You're So Vain," but so many moments are so right that I had no trouble forgiving them the few missteps.
ok Mz. Sole, you got me hooked on Cain, i'm so salty that the book ended but i am so ready for part 2.
One bag was so salty that my joints swelled, thereby inflaming my arthritis.
Madonna might not seem like a writer, so I was so sceptical that she even wrote these books at all.
First, I was so sceptical that I contacted the company personally to get a better feeling of how their customer service would go after I purchased it.
I was so skeptical that it would do much, but being it wasn't particularly expensive I gave it a try.
I was so skeptical that I used frozen blueberries and strawberries because I didn't want to waste my fresh ones in case this was a bust.
I was so startled that I began to laugh and almost became a statistic.
I am so startled that no one seemed to have a problem with the stage being held up, the women passengers being kidnapped and sold.
The character Kate was so uncertain that her back and forth personality drove me crazy.
